README.md, before:

Story Maker - Make your story great.
=====

## [StoryMaker.org](http://storymaker.org/)

Download [StoryMaker - Video, Audio & Photo](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.storymaker.app) in the the Google Play Store. 

## Setting up Development Environment

**Prerequisites:**
. 
* [Android SDK](https://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/index.html)
* Working [Android NDK](https://developer.android.com/tools/sdk/ndk/index.html) toolchain
* Unix build toolchain.  Linux and OS X are well tested.

Follow these steps to setup your dev environment:

1. Clone the git repo, make sure you fork first if you intend to commit

1. Init and update git submodules

    ```
    $ git submodule update --init --recursive
    ```

1. Ensure `NDK_BASE` env variable is set to the location of your NDK, example:

    ```
    $ export NDK_BASE=/path/to/android-ndk
    ```

1. Build android-ffmpeg

    ```
    $ cd external/android-ffmpeg-java/external/android-ffmpeg/
    $ ./configure_make_everything.sh
    ```

1. Create SecureSHaredLib third party credentials file

    ```
    vim ./external/SecureShareLib/SecureShareUILibrary/res/values/credentials.xml
    ```

    Add the following contents:

    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
    <resources>
        <!-- insert your own keys from: https://www.flickr.com/services/apps/create/apply/ -->
        <string name="flickr_key">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_KEY</string>
        <string name="flickr_secret">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_KEY</string>

        <!-- insert your own keys following: https://developers.google.com/accounts/docs/OAuth2 -->
        <string name="google_client_id">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_ID</string>
        <string name="google_client_secret">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_SECRET</string>
        <string name="google_app_name">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>

        <string name="s3_key">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>
        <string name="s3_secret">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>
        <string name="s3_bucket">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>
        <string name="s3_path_prefix">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>

        <string name="sm_key">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_SM_KEY</string>
        <string name="sm_secret">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_SM_SECRET</string>

        <string name="sm_tor_host">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_TOR_HOST</string>
        <string name="sm_tor_port">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_TOR_PORT</string>
    </resources>
    ```
1. Create Google Play Developer Account credentials file

    ```
    vim ./external/liger/lib/src/main/res/values/google_play.xml
    ```

    ```
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
    <resources>
        <string name="base64_public_key">REPLACE WITH YOUR PUBLIC KEY</string>
        <string name="liger_salt">REPLACE WITH A STRING OF BYTES</string>
    </resources>
    ```

### Android Studio Specific Steps

After completing all items under Prerequisites:

1. File -> Import Project -> Point to the root project directory

1. (optional) Build from the command line

    ```
    $ ./gradlew assembleDebug
    ```

### Testing

We have a helper script "run-tests.sh" that should run the core tests

There are several test classes you can also run manually:

- CompleteTest.java - long test, accepts eula, creates and uploads a new story, checks hook paths, checks content pack downloads, checks settings and preferences

- DefaultLibraryTest.java - old test class, probably no longer runs

- EulaTest.java - old test class, incorporated into Complete/MinimumTest

- LearningGuideTest.java - old test class, should revisit if learning guides need to be verified

- MainTest.java - old test class, probably no longer runs

- MinimumTest.java - short test, accepts eula, creates and uploads a new story

### Eclipse Specific Steps

!! This is outdated and probably doesn't work anymore

After completing all items under Prerequisites:

1. run script to update all libraries android support library.  from command line run in the top level of the repo:

    ```
    $ scripts/copy-support-libs.sh
    ```

1. Import dependancies into Eclipse

    Using the File->Import->Android->"Existing Android Code Into Workspace" option, import these projects in this order:

        external/HoloEverywhere/contrib/ActionBarSherlock/library/
        external/HoloEverywhere/library/
        external/NetCipher/
        external/android-ffmpeg-java/
        external/WordpressJavaAndroid/
        external/SecureShareLib/SecureShareUILibrary/
        external/SecureShareLib/SecureShareUILibrary/external/facebook-sdk/
        external/cardsui-for-android/CardsUILib
        external/SlidingMenu/library
        external/Android-ViewPagerIndicator/library
        external/RangeSeekBar/library

1. Import the StoryMaker project from the app/ subfolder

1. (optional) Build from the command line

    ```
    $ cd app/
    $ ./setup-ant.sh
    $ ant clean debug
    ```

Commit message:

updated readme with additional test build instructions

README.md, after:

Story Maker - Make your story great.
=====

## [StoryMaker.org](http://storymaker.org/)

Download [StoryMaker - Video, Audio & Photo](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.storymaker.app) in the the Google Play Store. 

## Setting up Development Environment

**Prerequisites:**
. 
* [Android SDK](https://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/index.html)
* Working [Android NDK](https://developer.android.com/tools/sdk/ndk/index.html) toolchain
* Unix build toolchain.  Linux and OS X are well tested.

Follow these steps to setup your dev environment:

1. Clone the git repo, make sure you fork first if you intend to commit

1. Init and update git submodules

    ```
    $ git submodule update --init --recursive
    ```

1. Ensure `NDK_BASE` env variable is set to the location of your NDK, example:

    ```
    $ export NDK_BASE=/path/to/android-ndk
    ```

1. Build android-ffmpeg

    ```
    $ cd external/android-ffmpeg-java/external/android-ffmpeg/
    $ ./configure_make_everything.sh
    ```

1. Create SecureSHaredLib third party credentials file

    ```
    vim ./external/SecureShareLib/SecureShareUILibrary/res/values/credentials.xml
    ```

    Add the following contents:

    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
    <resources>
        <!-- insert your own keys from: https://www.flickr.com/services/apps/create/apply/ -->
        <string name="flickr_key">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_KEY</string>
        <string name="flickr_secret">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_KEY</string>

        <!-- insert your own keys following: https://developers.google.com/accounts/docs/OAuth2 -->
        <string name="google_client_id">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_ID</string>
        <string name="google_client_secret">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_SECRET</string>
        <string name="google_app_name">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>

        <string name="s3_key">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>
        <string name="s3_secret">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>
        <string name="s3_bucket">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>
        <string name="s3_path_prefix">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_APP_NAME</string>

        <string name="sm_key">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_SM_KEY</string>
        <string name="sm_secret">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_SM_SECRET</string>

        <string name="sm_tor_host">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_TOR_HOST</string>
        <string name="sm_tor_port">REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_TOR_PORT</string>
    </resources>
    ```
1. Create Google Play Developer Account credentials file

    ```
    vim ./external/liger/lib/src/main/res/values/google_play.xml
    ```

    ```
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
    <resources>
        <string name="base64_public_key">REPLACE WITH YOUR PUBLIC KEY</string>
        <string name="liger_salt">REPLACE WITH A STRING OF BYTES</string>
    </resources>
    ```

### Android Studio Specific Steps

After completing all items under Prerequisites:

1. File -> Import Project -> Point to the root project directory

1. (optional) Build from the command line

    ```
    $ ./gradlew assembleDebug
    ```

### Testing

We have a helper script "run-tests.sh" that should run the core tests

There are several test classes you can also run manually: 

- CompleteTest.java - long test, accepts eula, creates and uploads a new story, checks hook paths, checks content pack downloads, checks settings and preferences

- DefaultLibraryTest.java - old test class, probably no longer runs

- EulaTest.java - old test class, incorporated into Complete/MinimumTest

- LearningGuideTest.java - old test class, should revisit if learning guides need to be verified

- MainTest.java - old test class, probably no longer runs

- MinimumTest.java - short test, accepts eula, creates and uploads a new story

Please note that you must build with the "testing" branch of the liger(storypath) submodule to run CompleteTest.  To do this, follow these steps:

    ```
    $ cd external/liger/
    $ git fetch origin testing:testing
    $ git checkout testing
    ```

To return to the "master" branch of liger(storypath) for a normal build, do the following:

    ```
    $ cd external/liger/
    $ git checkout master
    ```

### Eclipse Specific Steps

!! This is outdated and probably doesn't work anymore

After completing all items under Prerequisites:

1. run script to update all libraries android support library.  from command line run in the top level of the repo:

    ```
    $ scripts/copy-support-libs.sh
    ```

1. Import dependancies into Eclipse

    Using the File->Import->Android->"Existing Android Code Into Workspace" option, import these projects in this order:

        external/HoloEverywhere/contrib/ActionBarSherlock/library/
        external/HoloEverywhere/library/
        external/NetCipher/
        external/android-ffmpeg-java/
        external/WordpressJavaAndroid/
        external/SecureShareLib/SecureShareUILibrary/
        external/SecureShareLib/SecureShareUILibrary/external/facebook-sdk/
        external/cardsui-for-android/CardsUILib
        external/SlidingMenu/library
        external/Android-ViewPagerIndicator/library
        external/RangeSeekBar/library

1. Import the StoryMaker project from the app/ subfolder

1. (optional) Build from the command line

    ```
    $ cd app/
    $ ./setup-ant.sh
    $ ant clean debug
    ```
